Update @plone/* packages info (#6521)
plone/volto: PACKAGES.md

This document describes the packages that come with Volto, the default frontend for Plone 6.

These packages are part of Plone's API-first story.
Most of them are experimental and are marked in their respective `README` files.

> Plone 6.1 (Volto 18) depends on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plone 6.1.x (Volto 18) depends on:
```

- `@plone/registry`
- `@plone/scripts`
- `@plone/volto-slate`

and as a development dependency:
- `@plone/types`

> Plone 6 (Volto 17 and below) does not use any of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plone 6.0.x (Volto 17 and below) does not use any of them.
```

> These packages are expected to be used and part of Plone 7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These packages are expected to be used and become part of Plone 7.
```

> Could be that some of them will be part of the upcoming Plone minor versions prior to Plone 7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of them might become part of Plone 6.1.x minor versions.
```

> The packages are divided in three categories or types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The packages are divided into three categories or types:
```

The bundle of these packages must work on both CommonJS and ECMAScript Module (ESM) environments.

## Utilities packages

-   `@plone/providers`
-   `@plone/helpers`

> -   `@plone/drivers`

Reviewer: Can you leave these sorted alphabetically?

Author: I've ordered by relevance to me, due to the current state of things (drivers and rsc are not a thing yet). It just occurred to me that if they do not exist yet, let's remove them.

This bundle must work on both CommonJS and ESM environments.

## Add-on packages

-   `@plone/blocks`
-   `@plone/slots`
-   `@plone/theming`

> -   `@plone/contents`

Reviewer: Can you leave these sorted alphabetically?

Author: Same as above, but if you think it's valuable, let's do it.

Reviewer: Yeah, relevance is arbitrary to the developer. Alpha also makes it easier to find in a list.

### Rules

Add-on or feature packages, can depend on any other package.
You must distribute them as source code, and not transpile them.
They must provide a default configuration registry loader as the default main entry point export.

> Unlike Volto add-ons, it is preferibly *NOT* to place the code in `src` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike Volto add-ons, do *NOT* place the code in the `src` folder.
```

> If the package is not being transpiled, the direct resolution must work OOTB, so the bundlers resolution is direct, as well as the TypeScript resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not transpile the package, the direct resolution must work out of the box, where both the bundler and TypeScript resolution are direct.
```

> They must be loadable as any other add-on and contain an add-on registry compatible `install`-able default export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They must be loadable as any other add-on, and contain an add-on registry compatible `install`-able default export.
```
